Added: Job (#45)
DEX-Company/DEPs: 0/README.md

See: https://w3c-ccg.github.io/did-spec/

## Job

> A Job has a 1:1 mapping of an Orchestration. The result status of the Job can be used to inspect the status of execution for each step of the Orchestration (including potential failures in child Operations).

Reviewer: Not technically 1:1 - an orchestration could be run multiple times each resulting in a separate job

Author: ```suggestion
A Job allows a user to view an Orchestration. The result status of the Job can be used to inspect the status of execution for each step of the Orchestration (including potential failures in child Operations).
For further details, see [DEP6](https://github.com/DEX-Company/DEPs/tree/master/6).
```

> 

Reviewer: Worth adding a link to DEP6 where Jobs are defined.

Author: link added
